how-to guide for a CIAM provider integration (#1307)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/dev/tutorials-and-howtos/howtos/glue-api-howtos/howto-integrate-a-ciam-provider.md

## Prerequisites

We recommend using JWT-based tokens to transfer required customer data between CIAM and Spryker for more details about JWT, see [JSON Web Tokens](https://auth0.com/docs/secure/tokens/json-web-tokens). 

There is a ready PHP-based library which provides JWT decoding such as [firebase/php-jwt](https://packagist.org/packages/firebase/php-jwt).

### Install the required modules using Composer

Install the required modules:

{% info_block infoBox %}

The following library is a suggestion, not a requirement.

{% endinfo_block %}

```bash
composer require "firebase/php-jwt": "^5.4" --update-with-dependencies
```

For detailed information about the modules related to OAuth and customer account management that provide the API functionality and related installation instructions, see [Glue API - Customer Account Management feature integration](/docs/scos/dev/feature-integration-guides/{{page.version}}/glue-api/p.html).

## 1. Create the CIAM provider Module

Create a separate CIAM provider Client layer with the following structure: 

```
+ Client/
  + CiamProvider/
    + Decoder/

>       + CiamTokenDecoder.php // Decodes JWT token using php-jwt library and the key from the CIAM provider returns a transfer with the required mapped attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      + CiamTokenDecoder.php // Decodes JWT token using php-jwt library, and the key from the CIAM provider returns a transfer with the required mapped attributes
```

      + CiamTokenDecoderInterface.php
    + Mapper/
      + CiamTokenMapper.php // Maps decoded token attributes
      + CiamTokenMapperInterface.php
    + Reader/

>       + CiamDataReader.php // Provides the token Keys from the provider required to decode to JWT token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      + CiamDataReader.php // Provides the token Keys from the provider required to decode to a JWT token
```

    + Processor/
        + AccessToken
          + AccessTokenValidator.php // [Extended Class]
  ...
```

You need to adjust `AuthRestApiFactory` and `AuthRestApiDependencyProvider` to include the CIAM provider service. 
In the implementation example, it is `Pyz\Service\CiamProvider\CiamProviderServiceInterface`.

The following example extends `AccessTokenValidator` to validate the authorization header using the CIAM provider parser:

```php
    public function validate(Request $request): ?RestErrorMessageTransfer
    {
        $authorizationToken = $request->headers->get(AuthRestApiConfig::HEADER_AUTHORIZATION);
        $ciamToken = $this->ciamProviderService->parseCiamToken($authorizationToken);

        if ($ciamToken !== null) {
            return null;
        }

        return parent::validate($request);
    }
```

### 2. Create a CIAM provider Rest API Module

To finalize your CIAM provider implementation and include it in the existing GLUE authorization process, you need to implement `RestUserFinderPluginInterface` and `RestRequestValidatorPluginInterface`. 
Their implementations must persist in the `CiamProviderRestApi` module following the implementation example.

> The logic within the `RestUserFinderPluginInterface` implementation uses the previously adjusted or created functionalities in our steps so far.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The logic within the `RestUserFinderPluginInterface` implementation uses the adjusted or created functionalities from the preceding steps.
```

It triggers the Ciam token parser, the CIAM token decoder, and the Customer creator.

The folder structure is similar to the following: 

```
+ Glue/
  + CiamProviderRestApi/
    + Plugin/
        + GlueApplication/
          + CiamProviderTokenRestRequestValidatorPluginInterface.php // Triggers CiamTokenValidator 
          + CiamProviderRestUserFinderPluginInterface.php // Triggers CiamTokenUserFinder
    + Processor/
        + Finder/

>           + CiamTokenUserFinder.php // Parses and decodes the token; then it mappers the token attributes to the customer transfer and triggers the create customer functionality 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          + CiamTokenUserFinder.php // Parses and decodes the token; then, it maps the token's attributes to the customer transfer and triggers the create customer functionality 
```

          + CiamTokenUserFinderInterface.php
        + Mapper/
          + CustomerMapper.php // Maps customer attributes from CiamProviderToken Transfer to Customer Transfer to be used in the customer creator
          + CustomerMapperInterface.php
        + Validator/
          + CiamTokenValidator.php // Validates The token using the Token parser and the decoder returning errors accordingly
          + CiamTokenValidatorInterface.php
  ...
```

> The following code is an example of `CiamTokenUserFinder` using the previously added implementation in our walkthrough:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code is an example of `CiamTokenUserFinder` using the previously added implementation:
```
